The team is discussing what was done over the summer. 
We are looking at what we have ordered as well as which subsystems were approved and/or updated over the summer.
We are also looking into what can be ordered
We discussed how our flowcharts should be designed for our subsystems that have not been approved yet.
We discussed each others' subsystems, how they interact with each other, and what we can each work on.
We decided to consider creating a program in Python for the UI subsystem
Discussed the Computing Subsystem in detail and decided we need more than one person helping to design that subsystem
Talked about USB converter for the Wireless Communication Subsystem
We decided to email Ms. Atkins our current PO form
Discussed USB connections to our laptops for UI display purposes
Discussed those of us who have not turned in our safety certificates yet turning them in
We made sure that all our safety certificates were turned in before ending the meeting
